Update graphql querying docs (#4496)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-graphql.md

): [Metric!]!
```

**Metric Types**

```graphql
Metric {
  name: String!
  description: String
  type: MetricType!
  typeParams: MetricTypeParams!
  filter: WhereFilter
  dimensions: [Dimension!]!
  queryableGranularities: [TimeGranularity!]!
}
```

```
MetricType = [SIMPLE, RATIO, CUMULATIVE, DERIVED]
```

**Metric Type parameters**

```graphql
MetricTypeParams {
  measure: MetricInputMeasure
  inputMeasures: [MetricInputMeasure!]!
  numerator: MetricInput
  denominator: MetricInput
  expr: String
  window: MetricTimeWindow
  grainToDate: TimeGranularity
  metrics: [MetricInput!]
}
```

**Dimension Types**

```graphql
Dimension {
  name: String!
  description: String

>   type: DimensionType!

Reviewer: hey @WilliamDee, if a user uses these parameters, does this mean the `DimensionType!` field needs to be filled in by them using either `CATEGORICAL` or `TIME` as state below?

DimensionType = [CATEGORICAL, TIME]

Author: this is a return type so not an input type, so this is for them to retrieve certain values from the request

): QueryResult!
```

> The graphql API uses a polling process for querying as queries could be long running in some cases. This means the first mutation `createQuery` return a query ID and will be used to kick off the query. The query ID can then be used in the polling query `query` to fetch the results and status of the job. The typical flow would look as followed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL API uses a polling process for querying since queries can be long-running in some cases. It works by first creating a query with a mutation, `createQuery, which returns a query ID. This ID is then used to continuously check (poll) for the results and status of your query. The typical flow would look as follows:
```
